PORT-14826 Updated the Enrich entities using AI guide (#2355)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/guides/all/enrich-security-vulnerability-using-ai.md

---
import ExistingSecretsCallout from '/docs/guides/templates/secrets/_existing_secrets_callout.mdx'

> # Enrich security vulnerability using AI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Enrich security vulnerabilities using AI
```

4. Click on `+ Secret` and add the following secret:
   - `OPEN_AI_API_KEY` - Your OpenAI API key

> :::info Secret naming
> You can name your secret anything you prefer. Just remember to reference it correctly in the action configuration. For other providers, you might use names like `ANTHROPIC_API_KEY`, `GEMINI_API_KEY`, etc.
> :::
> 
> For more information about managing secrets, see our [secrets documentation](/sso-rbac/port-secrets/).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info Secret naming
You can give any name to your secrets, just remember to reference it correctly in the action configuration. For other providers, you might use names like `ANTHROPIC_API_KEY`, `GEMINI_API_KEY`, etc.
:::

For more information about managing secrets, see the [secrets documentation](/sso-rbac/port-secrets/).

```

            },
            {
              "role": "user",
              "content": " {{ .entity.properties.cveId }} "
            }
          ]
        }
      }
    }
    ```
    :::tip Configuration adjustments
    Make sure to adjust the following fields:
    

>     - **`OPEN_AI_API_KEY`** - Should be the name of the secret you created in the previous step
>     - **`blueprintIdentifier`** - Adjust based on the blueprint representing security issues in your data model (e.g., `snykVulnerability`, `wizIssue`, `sonarQubeIssue` for Snyk, Wiz, and SonarQube respectively)
>     - **`cveId`** - Choose the field where you store the CVE ID (this may vary depending on your integration: `cveId`, `cveID`, `issueId`, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **`OPEN_AI_API_KEY`** - Should be the name of the secret you created in the previous step.
    - **`blueprintIdentifier`** - Adjust based on the blueprint representing security issues in your data model (e.g., `snykVulnerability`, `wizIssue`, `sonarQubeIssue` for Snyk, Wiz, and SonarQube respectively).
    - **`cveId`** - Choose the field where you store the CVE ID (this may vary depending on your integration: `cveId`, `cveID`, `issueId`, etc.).
```
